Italy comes to the rescue this time
approving a bailout of the third largest
bank in the country a twenty billion
euro fund will apparently be there to
support the banks who are falling
rapidly right now the ECB's assets are
now a thirty five percent of the euro
zone GDP the ECB owns nine point two
percent of the European corporate bond
market as well this is doomed to fail
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you we're going to get
into Italy today we'll talk about Europe
and all the problems that exists there
at this time beginning with this right
here Italy's cabinet has approved the
state bailout for the country's third
largest bank so we're looking at this
here obviously this has become a very
serious issue has it been bail-ins
and/or bail outs what is the question I
have always said that there will be both
expect more bail-ins to occur Cyprus
wasn't the last time that would be
achieved I assure you and we even had to
talk about this in Italy before as well
so they actually the Prime Minister
there said his government had authorized
a twenty billion euro fun to support it
to lease embattled banking sector I
would say it's a lot worse than that the
announcement came after they failed to
raise a five billion euro from private
investors nobody wants to invest in
something that's sinking do you want to
invest in the Titanic after it hit the
iceberg that would be a little bit risky
I would say and of course couldn't be
done so the government comes in and
saves the day that's how it always works
and if they didn't then of course the
ECB would have been there to save the
day as well you don't have to worry
about that the question is when it all
comes tumbling down where will you go
see in 2008 we had a problem with a
private sector was failing and that's
still going on today and the government
came in
to save the day however this next time
it's when the government's fail and that
right there everyone is what nobody is
prepared for okay the italian bank said
it would request a capital injection
from the state to stay afloat there you
go it's saying please help that's what
that means capital injection under new
EU rules on bank bailouts the bailout
will entail a forced conversion of the
banks jr. bonds many of which are held
by small investors into shares and this
here is when you experience something
that that really shouldn't happen
because individuals are going to get
hurt by this not necessarily in this act
right here but you're looking into the
future and what I would say is that you
will have the government's taking over
nationalizing banks and everything else
and in the case of retirement accounts
for example what if they can't pay out
10 years from now they say we're
completely bankrupt can't pay out sorry
about that but that would cause a
backlash right so instead what if they
give you just a future dated bond what
if they said look we're not gonna take
your money away but you got this future
dative bond it's just as good but you
can't cash it in right now you're going
to receive this massive penalty so we'll
give you this instead hang on don't
worry about it and that buys them some
time into the future and of course
they'll never pay out that's what I see
happening not just in the US or Canada
or wherever but basically all around the
world it's a global program a global
policy look at their stock after the
financial crisis you know you towards it
you have this big run-up and then as
things came tumbling down they never
recovered there was a little bit of a
blip on the way up as sort of assets
equities and pretty much everything
found his way back up it really didn't
go up significantly higher and declined
here now think about that how bad this
has gone
and it took a long time if you really
think about this it really did take a
long time to fail it failed as far as
I'm concerned back in 2007 and it's just
been rotting it's been sitting there
there's been a stench and nobody has
been talking about it all of the banks
are in this same position this is what's
not being discussed in the mainstream
media they're all failures they are all
failures it's just that right now this
is basically sank to the bottom do you
want to wait until it sinks to the
bottom what if what if the mainstream
media admitted just as it was after the
crash actually happened the financial
crisis too late of course until it was
so blatantly obvious they said here are
the cracks everything is coming down we
need to bail out the system well what if
they had that same sort of admission but
it was for what's happening right now
where the banks are insolvent and so are
the government's well of course you
would have panic you would have chaos
you can't do that but that's the truth
look at this is insane the ECB balance
sheet versus the Europe GDP the balance
sheet has expanded so dramatically when
you look at it versus the GDP of Europe
the GDP is declining significantly and
you know what's increasing is the amount
of money that's being printed sure the
dollar amount of the euro amount
supposedly going to taper but look at it
in relation to something else that's
what's funny about it look the way that
they have manipulated everything you
know your one dollar today is basically
worthless however fifty years ago that
was something in a hundred years ago
that was even more of something the
dollars have lost their value so you
really relate something in relation to
something else
that's what they do with currency to
foreign exchange markets of course but
look at this the ECB doing what it needs
to do and everyone thinks that the at
this time where there is no QE in the US
this is a global program you can have
the money printing taking place in Japan
and Europe and that can flow out words
it can flow into the US assets pumping
up those markets the u.s. dollar or you
can have the Fed printing up money and
have it flow into Europe into Japan into
China wherever okay it doesn't need to
be all simultaneous and that's been
proof since the financial crisis with
there's a lot of proof since then
Italian banks now look at this right
here the bailed-out bank is the red line
you could see how drastic that has been
but in this particular trading day the
other two large banks here one being
unicredit has been quote unquote stable
and the general thought is that the
government will be there to bail them
out should there be any problems but
they're all in solvent so why in the
world you as an investor would want to
be in to these assets at all well I take
that risk do you want to be that red
line you know what's the difference
between you and a credit and the bank I
got bailed out I mean you're yes one is
bigger than the other but they all have
the same exact problem so when people
tell me that they've invested in but you
know they're going to just pull out at
the right time that to me just says that
you think you're smarter than the market
and maybe you are but what I'd like to
teach is where there is risk there is
fragility where there is fragility there
will be a crash very risky and then of
course connected in with that is spain
spanish banks have decided or they had
to excuse me give back billions
euros to mortgage customers after a
final ruling by the Europeans top
European Union's top court Bank shared
tumbles as much as ten percent that's
very serious and happen immediately
think about that a decision like this
and all of a sudden your assets cut ten
percent borrowers who pay too much
interest on home loans predating the may
2013 spanish ruling also called mortgage
floors are entitled to a refund from
their banks now that's a good thing for
those individuals however the
individuals who are invested in these
companies are going to surely be hurt by
this and this is the type of thing that
I've seen many times before you've seen
it as well I don't have any faith in the
system and I hope you don't either if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up now while I didn't
prepare a scary face to show you at the
end of the video just think of janet
yellen and ben bernanke in a hot tub
together if you like that image then
give me a thumbs down if you found this
video informative then you'll like my
book even more I've got diagrams I've
got charts I've got everything to make
this complicated subject very very easy
so head over to Amazon where they have a
look inside feature that allows you to
flip through the pages of the book and
see if you like it